bean tacos with wasabi mayo a great
thing about street food is anything goes
the only rule is they've got to be
really fast and really tasty
now these tacos mix a Mexican and
Japanese flavors into a delicious meaty
mouthful first off get that pan really
nice and hot
these are sirloin steaks sear it in the
pan we'll let that on for that flavor
salt pepper
come on tablespoons off olive oil in pan
nice and hot hold a mistake in holds
their way give the pan a little shape
and it stops the stage from sticking but
it'll for color if it sticks gonna burn
while the steaks are cooking I can go
with my super quick marinade now two
tablespoons of nice with paste now so
fermented soybean that gives a really
nice sort of rich sweetness tablespoon
of sugar couple tablespoons rice wine
that gives it a really nice vinegary
kick put the tablespoons of olive oil
salt and pepper I'm looking for a nice
sort of thick rich marinated
marinate done is time to turn the steaks
give the steaks bill based what we're
doing retirement you're selling more and
more flavor take your tongs and full
flip the steak on its back really meld
all that fat down offer the gas put them
out just take your knife it's all that
fat there just slice it off don't either
now in Somali each one tacos are one of
Mexico's most popular street foods that
we made from beef pork chicken or fish
and I'll load it up with amazing sauces
and spices now I want something sort of
pickly cabbage these are Chinese
cabbages slice it in half look at a
really crisp and really tasty I'm going
to slice that into quarters and then
just shred it and take your time
take a cabbage Han you think it's sort
of braised overcooked cabbage
nothing worse but I'll tackle you on
freshness a little season of chili
flakes they sort of discreetly give a
little bit of heat little touch of rice
wine vinegar you ever got that fresh
lemon juice a small drop of toasted
sesame seed oil give that a really good
mix now I need something to sort of
bring it together we take some wasabi
paste both hops very spicy
I sort of thumbnail-sized I'm gonna mix
that a cup of tablespoons of mayonnaise
you give that a really good mix these
are basic corn tortilla the trick is to
sort of color them and then shape them
actually place it on the gas ring use
some tongs so as not to burn yourself it
goes with total tacos in a frying pan
from there just going to place it on the
rolling pin literally 30 seconds as it
cools down the great thing about serving
tacos is people can fill them themselves
just the way they want them cabbage just
squeezed out wet marinade nice rustic
little Mountain mayonnaise on don't you
see how soft and delicious and almost
sort of melting in the mouth texture
we've got this amazing sirloin so that
I've really nice sear on the outside
nicely pink in the middle start off with
my crispy shell back of the spoon of the
wasabi mayonnaise inside taco just
sprinkle that delicious pickled cabbage
and then just start lining my tucker
three or four slices touch more for my
spicy mayo that is how I make the
perfect taco